Add contribution guidelines (#437)
deepset-ai/haystack-core-integrations: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Explain the behavior you would expect and the actual behavior.
- Please provide as much context as possible and describe the *reproduction steps* that someone else can follow to recreate the issue on their own. This usually includes your code. For good bug reports you should isolate the problem and create a reduced test case.
- Provide the information you collected in the previous section.

Once it's filed:

- The project team will label the issue accordingly.
- A team member will try to reproduce the issue with your provided steps. If there are no reproduction steps or no obvious way to reproduce the issue, the team will ask you for those steps.
- If the team is able to reproduce the issue, the issue will scheduled for a fix, or left to be [implemented by someone](#your-first-code-contribution).

## Suggesting Enhancements

This section guides you through submitting an enhancement suggestion, including new integrations and improvements
to existing ones. Following these guidelines will help maintainers and the community to understand your suggestion and find related suggestions.

### Before Submitting an Enhancement

- Make sure that you are using the latest version.

> - Read the [documentation]() carefully and find out if the functionality is already covered, maybe by an individual configuration.

Reviewer: Link is missing :)

- Perform a [search](/issues) to see if the enhancement has already been suggested. If it has, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.

> - Find out whether your idea fits with the scope and aims of the project. It's up to you to make a strong case to convince the project's developers of the merits of this feature. Keep in mind that we want features that will be useful to the majority of our users and not just a small subset. If you're just targeting a minority of users, consider writing an and distributing the integration on your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Find out whether your idea fits with the scope and aims of the project. It's up to you to make a strong case to convince the project's developers of the merits of this feature. Keep in mind that we want features that will be useful to the majority of our users and not just a small subset. If you're just targeting a minority of users, consider writing and distributing the integration on your own.
```

#### Run the linter

Every time you change the code, it's a good practice to run the linter, that will ensure your code is well formatted
and the static checker is happy with the typing:

```console
$ hatch run lint:all
```

If you see Hatch reporting problems, you can try fixing them with:

```console
$ hatch run lint:fmt
```

You can also run the code formatter and the static checker separated:

```console
$ hatch run lint:style
```

and

```console
$ hatch run lint:typing
```

#### Run the tests

It's important your tests pass before contributing code. To run all the tests locally:

```console
$ hatch run test
```

> [!IMPORTANT] The command above will run ALL the tests, including integration tests; some of those often need you to
> run a certain service in background (e.g. a Vector Database) or provide credentials to external services (e.g. OpenAI)
> in order to pass.

If you want to run only a portion of the tests, for example including integration tests, Hatch will happily take the
same options you would pass to `pytest` directly, in this case a marker with the option `-m`:

```console
$ hatch run test -m"not integration"
```

> ### Improving The Documentation

Author: @dfokina can you have a look at this section?

There are two types of documentation for this project:

1. Python API docs, and
2. Documentation pages

> The Python API docs detail the source code: classes, functions and parameters that implement every integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python API docs detail the source code: classes, functions, and parameters that every integration implements.
```

> This type of documentation is extracted from the source code itself, and contributors should pay attention when they

Reviewer: Do we also want to explain that pydoc config files are needed to display the docs on the website when a new integration is added?

Author: Yes let's do it

change the code to also change relevant comments and docstrings. This type of documentation is mostly useful to
developers, but it can be handy for users at times. You can browse it on the dedicated section in the
[documentation website](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/reference/integrations-chroma).

> Documentation pages explain what an integration accomplishes and explain how to use it and how to configure it. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation pages explain what an integration accomplishes, how to use it, and how to configure it. This
```

type of documentation mostly targets end-users, and contributors are welcome to make changes and keep it up-to-date.

> You can contribute changes to the documentation pages using the "Suggest Edits" button that each page shows on its
> top-right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can contribute changes to the documentation using the "Suggest Edits" button in the top-right corner of each page.
```

found a suitable issue and still need clarification, you can write your question in this issue. It is also advisable to
search the internet for answers first.

If you then still feel the need to ask a question and need clarification, you can use one of our
[Community Channels](https://haystack.deepset.ai/community), Discord in particular is often very helpful.

## Reporting Bugs

### Before Submitting a Bug Report

A good bug report shouldn't leave others needing to chase you up for more information. Therefore, we ask you to
investigate carefully, collect information and describe the issue in detail in your report. Please complete the
following steps in advance to help us fix any potential bug as fast as possible.

- Make sure that you are using the latest version.
- Determine if your bug is really a bug and not an error on your side e.g. using incompatible environment components/versions (Make sure that you have read the [documentation](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/v2.0/docs/intro). If you are looking for support, you might want to check [this section](#i-have-a-question)).

> - To see if other users have experienced (and potentially already solved) the same issue you are having, check if there is not already a bug report existing for your bug or error in the [bug tracker](issues).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To see if other users have experienced (and potentially already solved) the same issue you are having, check if there is not already a bug report existing for your bug or error in the [bug tracker](/issues).
```
